typescript/TODO.md, before:

X Add language and Currency Items
X Look for the command to watch with yarn jest
  - yarn jest --watchAll
X what's the best typescript setup for visual studio code?
  - Many things are already built-in for Typescript https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/typescript
  X Add recommended extensions for jest
  X jest watcher is failing within Visual Studio Code
    - jest --watch falls into a conflict because sub-dir and branch had the same name 
      https://github.com/facebook/jest/issues/10149
    X Rename the branch to typescript-branch
X is there a better way to define getters, especially on immutable objects
  - there is a readonly keyword, and an immutability.js lib for data structures
    https://medium.com/cloudverse/immutability-and-builders-with-typescript-b69a51c94e8c
  X change attributes to readonly fields
X Setup prettier
  - https://www.robertcooper.me/using-eslint-and-prettier-in-a-typescript-project
  - https://gist.github.com/pedrouid/71bb2d8b263731492dabfa302e7c6b67
  - https://morioh.com/p/9b424825b2cb
  X Find how to run prettier in VSCode
  X Find how to hook prettier to git
. Find the best practices around
  . handling packages and directory structure
  . case best practice for file names
. I started from https://github.com/Pablorg99/typescript-kata-template that uses .nvmrc, should we update 
  this version? is nvmrc the way to go?
. Test equality for Country objects
  - I did not find a built-in way to compare identical instances. Same problems as in Java
    People seem to suggest a hack with JSON.Stringify https://dmitripavlutin.com/how-to-compare-objects-in-javascript/
  - The question is: why it's needed in this kata? Do we put these objects in maps or sets?

Commit message:

Port the domain.book classes to typescript
So that attendees can run the code retreat in typescript
- add all classes
- add dependency to immutable.js
- mark learnings in TODO.md

typescript/TODO.md, after:

X Add language and Currency Items
X Look for the command to watch with yarn jest
  - yarn jest --watchAll
X what's the best typescript setup for visual studio code?
  - Many things are already built-in for Typescript https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/typescript
  X Add recommended extensions for jest
  X jest watcher is failing within Visual Studio Code
    - jest --watch falls into a conflict because sub-dir and branch had the same name 
      https://github.com/facebook/jest/issues/10149
    X Rename the branch to typescript-branch
X is there a better way to define getters, especially on immutable objects
  - there is a readonly keyword, and an immutability.js lib for data structures
    https://medium.com/cloudverse/immutability-and-builders-with-typescript-b69a51c94e8c
  X change attributes to readonly fields
X Setup prettier
  - https://www.robertcooper.me/using-eslint-and-prettier-in-a-typescript-project
  - https://gist.github.com/pedrouid/71bb2d8b263731492dabfa302e7c6b67
  - https://morioh.com/p/9b424825b2cb
  X Find how to run prettier in VSCode
  X Find how to hook prettier to git
X Find best practices around namespacea and directory structures:
  - Don't use imports + namespace (https://stackoverflow.com/questions/37565709/how-to-use-namespaces-with-import-in-typescript)
  - Just rename as needed when importing
  - In the TypeScript handbook: "To reiterate why you shouldn’t try to namespace your module contents, the general idea of namespacing is to provide logical grouping of constructs and to prevent name collisions. Because the module file itself is already a logical grouping, and its top-level name is defined by the code that imports it, it’s unnecessary to use an additional module layer for exported objects."
X Find the best practices around case best practice for file names
  - Nothing clear
  - I found a typescript naming convention here https://makecode.com/extensions/naming-conventions
  - Which says that everything should be namespaced!!! cf point above
. I started from https://github.com/Pablorg99/typescript-kata-template that uses .nvmrc, should we update 
  this version? is nvmrc the way to go?
. Equality for objects
  - I did not find a built-in way to compare identical instances. Same problems as in Java
    People seem to suggest a hack with JSON.Stringify https://dmitripavlutin.com/how-to-compare-objects-in-javascript/
  - The question is: why it's needed in this kata? Do we put these objects in maps or sets?
  - this collection library uses a custom toString function to compare objects https://github.com/basarat/typescript-collections/blob/release/src/test/setTest.ts
  - With immutable.js, an object should implement ValueObject to provide equals() and hashCode() https://immutable-js.github.io/immutable-js/docs/#/is
  . implement when needed
